[Music]
[Applause]
okay your name what's your name what's
your name brown Jack Brown okay and what
is your address
325 what 325 Park Street good and what
is your phone number five four three two
one zero zero five four three one two
zero zero five four three two one zero
okay okay now what's your job I'm a
thief you are a thief okay next
no oh excuse me oh no excuse me
um are you a secretary here yes I am oh
I'm a policeman what's your name my name
is Judy what's your name my name is Bob
Judy could I have your phone number
sure it's four three two um oh excuse me
Bob goodbye Judy
[Music]
hi Bill
this is Jack Jack Jack Brown yeah that's
me Jack how are you jack
I'm fine thanks well no no I'm not fine
Jack where are you
well bill I'm in jail in jail in jail
where is the jail it's here in New York
on River Road what's the address
I don't know wait a minute hey what's
the address here bill
yeah it's 749 River Road and what's the
phone number phone number
wait a minute hey and what's the phone
number here bill the number is 6 3 2 5 4
0 1
ok 6 3 2 5 4 0 1 yeah that's right
ok bye jack what wait wait wait a minute
hey bill bill you've got to help me
please
come here now I can't I'm busy busy what
are you doing I'm swimming bye jack
[Music]
Sally I'm so happy why are you so happy
I'm going to France tomorrow France how
are you going there I'm going by
airplane oh that's so exciting
how long will you stay I'll stay in
France for two weeks wow that's a long
time
I'm so happy how expensive is France how
expensive I don't know why I think it's
quite expensive in France
really how much is your hotel well I I'm
not sure how far is your hotel from
Paris I don't know how far it is from
Paris
how much is the Train Sally I don't know
and the taxis how expensive are the
taxis taxis I'm not
and the food how expensive is the food
oh I just don't know Oh Sally I'm so sad
[Music]
how long am I going to be in here a long
time how long I really don't know can
you check for me please okay yeah how
long is this going to take
not long just a minute how long just a
minute
oh hey I found it good good so how long
am I going to be in here
I don't know well what's that it's my
comic book I lost it last week hello I'm
here to see my friend how long will you
stay I don't know how long a few minutes
okay go in
[Music]
what time are you going to the meeting
this afternoon I'm going at 2:30 2:30
and what time will you come back I will
be back at 3:30 3:30 good thanks
Oh Miri yes what time are you going to
lunch I'll go to lunch at 11:45 11:45
yes why could you go at 11:30 and take
this by the bank yes of course thanks
you're welcome
[Music]
I really like this place well good would
you like another drink
do we have time I don't know excuse me
waiter yes sir
what time do you close tonight we close
at 10 o'clock 10 o'clock yes good we
have time let's have another drink
excuse me waiter yes sir
we would like more drinks please
certainly sir
[Music]
Helen yes could I borrow a pen please
sure here you are thanks don't mention
it
Oh Helen what this pin has blue ink can
I borrow a pen that has black ink of
course here's a pen with black ink great
thanks
sure oh I don't have any stamps can I
borrow a stamp Helen Georgia
here you are thank you so much well I'm
going to the post office see you later
see you oh it's raining yes it is I
don't have my umbrella can I borrow your
umbrella Helen of course Jane here you
are
great thanks see you later yeah
can I borrow a pin can I borrow a stamp
can I borrow your umbrella Oh Jane can I
borrow your potato chips Oh waiter
yes sir may I borrow your pen please
certainly sir thank you you're welcome
okay here you go sir
oh thank you yes you're welcome thank
you
excuse me sir yes may borrow my pin oh
thank you you're welcome
excuse me yes may I sit here yes thank
you
excuse me yes is this your newspaper yes
it is may I borrow it yes sure thank you
[Music]
why are you crying I'm crying because
I'm sad I cry when I'm sad too oh and
why are you yawning I'm yawning because
I'm tired
I always yawn when I'm tired oh why are
you yawning I'm Yanni because I'm tired
she always yawns when she's tired I'm
angry that's why I'm shouting
he usually shouts when he's angry
oh and why are you crying he's crying
cross because I'm sad he cries when he
said okay don't shout at him oh go on
back to your desk and you stop crying
[Music]
James yes did you type those reports
what reports the reports I gave you last
week oh no I forgot Jane I need them
today I'll type him right now
Oh Jane yes did you call mr. Smith about
the meeting oh no I didn't why didn't
you call him I forgot I'm sorry please
call him I'll call him right now
Oh Jane yes did you photocopy these
letters um not yet Jane I need these
letters okay I'll photocopy them right
now
Oh Jones I need to talk to you oh hello
mr. Smith how are you I'm fine
did you get those reports well
[Music]
hello yes can I help you
yes I'm looking for a job of course
please sit down thank you
what's your name please Louis Louis
Bradford is that Miss or mrs. miss
address 45 Lake Street apartment 6s and
your phone number mrs. Bradford nine
eight seven one two three four okay good
now I have some questions first can you
type well no I can't type that's okay
can you drive a car drive a car no I
can't drive Oh can you cook Chinese food
no I can't but I can cook spaghetti oh
can you speak French no I can't speak
French well can you sing miss Bradford
saying yes I can sing could you sing a
short song for me please sure hmm happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
ooh happy birthday that's that's okay
can you swim
no I can't swim well miss Bradford what
can you do well I can iron I can wash
clothes I can clean my apartment I can
go shopping and I can wash dishes really
you can do all of that of course
what are you doing this evening
[Music]
oh excuse me sir oh yes can I help you
yes thank you I'm looking for an ATM an
ATM let me think is there an ATM around
here
yes it's around the corner if you'll go
straight and turn right it's around the
corner okay I go straight and take a
right and it's around the corner or is
it to the left let me think
honey is there an ATM around here
go straight and make a left I think it's
next to a drug store next to a drug
store are you sure I think so
there is one next to the drug store
isn't there
no it's next to the theater there's not
an ATM next to the theater yes there is
I'm sure of it
well it's okay never mind
really there's one between the 7-eleven
and the bank
there's not one next to the theater yes
there is I'm sure of it
follow me and I'll show you
[Music]
hi Bill
this is Jack hi Jack what are you doing
nothing what are you doing oh I'm just
watching TV what are you doing tomorrow
well tomorrow I'm going fishing fishing
where are you going fishing I'm going
fishing at Big Lake what are you doing
tomorrow afternoon after fishing I'm
going to my mother's house
what are you going to do at your
mother's house I'm going to paint my
mother's house what about tomorrow
evening what are you doing tomorrow
evening tomorrow evening I'm going to go
to a party where's the party the party's
at Tom's house Tom's house yeah oh hey
Jack what are you doing tomorrow nothing
I never do anything I'm so bored well I
have to go Jack sure bill see have fun
bye
[Music]
[Applause]
can you help me I lost my luggage you
lost your luggage yes I can't find it
okay what is your name my name is Mary
Wilson how do you spell your last name w
il-10 Wilson mrs. Wilson may I see your
ticket of course
here it is thank you okay
flight number in W zero to seven right
yes that's right how many bags do you
have two and what size are they one is
large and very heavy and one is small
what color are they
brown and what are they made of they're
made of nylon nylon are they new no
they're not new they're about five years
old
we'll check please wait here thank you
very much
[Music]
Hey
what are you watching I'm watching a
Miss Universe contest the Miss Universe
contest that's so stupid
no it's not I like it booth that that is
Miss Universe where is she from she's
from Australia what city in Australia
she's from Sydney what did she do
she's a fashion model she looks so young
how old is she she's 21 years old a
child she may be young but she's
beautiful
Miss Universe so stupid
hello mrs. universe
[Music]
guard hey guard can you come here what
do you want do you have a pen a pen yes
I have a pen here thank you
no problem oh and guard
yes do you have any paper paper for
writing a letter yes that's right yes
here's some okay thank you you're
welcome
Oh guard guard do you have a dictionary
no I don't have a dictionary well do you
know how to spell the word escape escape
is it e ex CA PE or es ka PE no no no
it's es CA PE e SC a.p.e
okay thank you you're welcome oh excuse
me
oh yes can I have some tea some tea I'm
sorry we don't have any tea oh do you
have lemonade lemonade no we don't have
any lemonade oh no tea and no eliminate
well do you have orange juice orange
juice no we don't have any orange juice
either you don't have any orange juice
no we don't I'm very sorry I can't
believe this do you have coffee uh no
I'm sorry we don't have any coffee
either okay no tea no lemonade no orange
juice and no coffee what do you have
we have water water I think okay I'll
have a glass of water then okay one
water hey here you go one water thank
you welcome
Oh waiter
yes what is it do you have any ice um
I'm sorry we we don't have any ice okay
um well do you have a menu no we don't
know menu no I'm sorry
well can you tell me what you have here
sure we have a chicken soup fried
chicken chicken sandwiches and chicken
on rice do you have any noodle
we don't have noodles we have chicken
soup fried chicken chicken sandwiches
and chicken on rice okay I think um do
you have any chicken curry we don't have
any chicken curry we have chicken soup
fried chicken chicken sandwiches and
chicken on rides okay I'll have chicken
soup okay chicken soup okay yes I like
chicken soup and could I have a napkin a
napkin
yes look we are not a five-star
restaurants we don't have now that's
okay I think I have one okay
[Applause]
hey ma'am your chicken stew oh thank you
you can put it here thank you you're
welcome
Oh waiter yes do you have a menu please
a menu hello hi is this Brenda
no this isn't Brenda well who is this
I'm Sally oh I'm sorry I got the wrong
number that's okay
excuse me Sally do you know Brenda no I
don't know Brenda well anyway what do
you do Sally me I'm a secretary
mmm a secretary I see so what do
secretaries do I do many things really
yes I typed letters you type letters yes
and I answer the phone
hmm so you typed letters and answer the
phone uh-huh and I make photocopies oh
you're very busy
you type letters you answer the phone
and you make photocopies I also make
coffee and do filing hmm you can do many
things yes I'm very busy what do you do
I'm a plumber a plumber Oh what do you
do well I'm very busy also I usually fix
pipes fixed pipes what kind of pipes
well water pipes when I fix bathroom
pipes oh I see you fix pipes and
bathrooms yes and I fixed kitchen pipes
also do you like your job yes I do and
do you like your job
some days I do and some days I doubt oh
I have to go now oh well it was nice
talking to you okay bye okay bye bye
Sally what are you doing I'm talking on
the phone
well did you fix the coffee yes I made
the coffee
thank you did you do the typing yes I
did the typing and did you do the filing
yes I did the filing thank you and did
you do the photocopying
yes I did the photocopies thank you
Oh Sally yes I called the plumber a few
minutes ago to fix the pipes in the
bathroom you called the plumber yes to
fix the pipes in the bathroom oh all
right
come in hi I'm the plumber I'm here to
fix the pipes in the bathroom oh hello
um
the bathroom is over there okay
thank you
[Music]
I'm going to the movies with Jill
tonight Hey
Jill's nice I like her a lot but bill I
don't know what to wear I can help you
okay
here why don't you wear this purple
shirt I don't want to wear a purple
shirt
why not it's too old okay
why don't you wear this white shirt a
white shirt it's a nice shirt it's for
work
not a movie okay why don't you wear this
blue shirt I don't want to wear a blue
shirt
what else you wear this green sweater I
can't wear a sweater why not
it's too hot okay
[Applause]
why don't you wear this yellow polo I
can't wear this yellow polo why not
it's too small okay why don't you wear
this brown shirt it's nice it's ugly
well oh why don't I wear this shirt you
can't wear that shirt
why not it's mine oh thanks Bill you're
nice I'm
yes and what would you like to drink
tonight why don't we have wine no I
don't want wine why don't we have beer
no I don't like beer well why don't we
have orange juice no why don't we have
water okay waiter we'll have two waters
certainly sir two waters
thank you you're welcome
thank you
okay and what would you like for dinner
tonight why don't we have salad Tom I
don't want salad why don't we have soup
I'm hungry
I don't want soup what do you want why
don't we have steak
oh why don't we have hamburgers you want
hamburgers well why don't you go to
McDonald's waiter we'll have two steaks
please two steaks
certainly sir number one what's your
favorite color what's your favorite
color you can say I like blue I like
blue or you can say my favorite color is
my favorite color is blue oh I like
learn number two what color is your
sister's here what color is your mum's
here what color is your boyfriend's here
okay what color is you can say you can
link together what color is your
sister's here is light brown is light
brown or I can say she has light brown
hair the same it's library or she has
light brown hair number three do you
have any red teachers when you go to a
close short you can ask because you want
to buy a red t-shirt and then you can
ask the shopkeeper do you have any red
teachers if they don't have they say I'm
afraid we don't I'm afraid we don't or
yes we do and then they can ask like
what's your size okay yes we do
what's your size remember here
what's your size number four which dress
would you choose like you go to the
sharp and then you want to buy a dress
and then there are a lot of clothes for
you and then you can try something on
and up to that the shopkeeper will ask
you which dress would you choose that
mean like finally which one do you
choose which dress do you choose I think
I would choose the pink one you just say
the color of the dress now number one
should I wear this dress with a pair of
high use or flats okay later
nice dress I have two choices maybe up
here PI use or health class so what do
you think about it should I wear high
heels or flats okay
which one is better should I link them
together should I should I wear this
remember tha this dress
Tarak dress should I wear this dress
with the link them together with the
pair up with a pair of high heels high
use or flats
should I wear this dress with a pair of
high heels or flats I think you can say
you can say I think high heels would be
better I think I think remember tha I
think high Hughes would be better I
think high heels will be better I think
is how you would be better or you can
say better okay
do you have sandals that would go with
this shirt do you have Sanders and that
would go with the shirt that means like
ah I want some sandals that one I want a
pair of sandals that can match this
shirt maybe match the color okay do you
have sandals that would go with this
shirt let me see
I think a rep pair of platform shoes
would be the best choice of a